Good morning. Good morning. Good
morning.
>> Welcome.
>> This is different.
Good morning.
>> You look fantastic.
Nice to see you running in that outfit.
>> Excuse me, I choose that.
>> [music]
>> I I I stopped my watch waiting for Dan
and I didn't start my watch again so my
miles didn't count. What's the
>> So we're at we're at 9 miles, just over
9. 9.2, it's 14.8 so in the metric
system.
>> I don't think that's it. What is that?
>> So the rest of the world does metric.
It's 14.8 to 9 miles.
>> What's our pace?
>> Our pace is about a 7 7:42.
We're kind of cooking, guys.
>> [music]
>> See you out there.
See you out there.
Excuse me. Excuse me, can you please not
Can you please not land on my air
conditioner? Excuse me, can you please
not not outside my windows?
Because you're pooping and then it
Thank you.
This place is disgusting.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Done.
I always had like a
I always had an office manager that like
cleaned and mopped and kept the place
organized, but I find that even though I
don't like doing it, I like knowing that
I'm the one who did it.
That makes That makes sense.
Hey, I'm locked in the stairwell.
>> [singing]
>> Come here, Simon.
>> [music]
>> Where do you get all this stuff, man?
That cool.
>> I want to cut a hole in the desk.
>> And countersink it? Oh, you should I
have a hole saw that will fit that.
[music]
>> Really?
>> Are you editing something with Mr. Beast
right now?
>> Apparently.
>> [music]
>> Simon, we're friends. We're friends.
Why are you barking at me?
I kind of
>> [laughter]
>> I kind of wanted you to like give me a
tour of your vintage audio gear cuz
people keep asking me about it.
But did you eat food yet?
>> I could get a snack.
I could go to Thing, maybe.
They've got good like like nothing
snacks.
>> Yeah, I get peanut butter and jelly
sandwich from there.
>> do Blue Bottle. Bodega's everything.
>> I could do Bodega. Do you have any of
the banana peanut butter sandwiches
left, or is it just
>> think it might just be the Yeah, it's
just the PB&J's right now.
>> Okay, I shall have a PB&J, please.
>> it.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh, I'll get a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich, also.
>> [music]
[music]
>> This is amazing.
>> What's up?
>> Hi, Casey. Nice to see you, right?
>> Yeah, how you doing? Hey, Casey.
>> Hey, nice to meet you.
>> You want half my sandwich?
>> Oh, no, I'm good. I just came back from
a run. I don't
>> Oh, okay.
>> Casey, Ariela.
>> Sandwich?
>> No, thank you.
>> This building's been under construction
for about 5 years.
>> What What used to be here?
>> Another building. They tore the whole
thing down.
>> Wow.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I know.
>> How much of your life have you
>> give me You didn't even give me a heads
up.
>> How much of my life? There's just two
There's a lot to go through here.
Well, you know, this is kind of the
prize
piece. This is a oscilloscope, this Sony
reel-to-reel machine, and there's a
microphone plugged into this, which is
where
all of these signals are coming from
right now. [music] Here,
here,
and here.
>> And like, what's the What's your why?
Like, why do you What Why are you so
passionate about this?
>> When I listen to music, like things
happen in my brain. Like, I have ideas I
have images. Like, I'm like the snake
with the snake charmer. Like the snake
charmer like makes a song and like the
snake does something and like that's
what happens in my brain. And so I
wanted
this wall, this whole wall to be like
when you play a song or like when you
play a sound, like it it visually lights
up.
>> [music]
>> So 14 years ago, I think I'd met Max
once and I called him and I was like,
"Max, I have this great idea [music] for
a Nike commercial. Will you come help me
with it?" And he was like, "Sh- sure."
Reluctantly. And that commercial was a
movie called Naked [music] Cow.
>> This this video here, Naked Cow.
>> And I think that video, more so than any
other video I've made, is what got me
into YouTube. And ever since then, Max
has been like my creative muse.
He's a special guy.
>> [music]
[music]